“When you arise in the morning think of what a privilege it is to be alive, to think, to enjoy, to love…” – Marcus Aurelius
“Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!“ – David Dweck
“Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it’s always your choice.” – Wayne Dyer
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.”– Zig Ziglar
“A ship is always safe at shore but that is not what it’s built for.”– Albert Einstein
“People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing.”– Dale Carnegie
“You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it.”– Margaret Thatcher
“Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value.”– Albert Einstein
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.”– Dalai Lama
“The starting point of all achievement is desire.”– Napoleon Hill
“Whether you think you can or think you can’t, you’re right.”– Henry Ford
“Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again.”– Richard Branson
“The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus.”– Bruce Lee
“There is more to life than increasing its speed.”– Mahatma Gandhi
“It is not a daily increase, but a daily decrease. Hack away at the inessentials.”– Bruce Lee
“If I had eight hours to chop down a tree, I’d spend six hours sharpening my ax.”– Abraham Lincoln
“If you want to make an easy job seem mighty hard, just keep putting off doing it.”– Olin Miller
“Follow effective actions with quiet reflection. From the quiet reflection will come even more effective action.”– Peter Drucker 
“It does not matter how slowly you go, so long as you do not stop.”– Confucius
“Life’s real failure is when you do not realize how close you were to success when you gave up.”– Unknown   
“Life begins at the end of your comfort zone.”– Neale Donald Walsh
“What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.”– Oscar Wilde
“I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have.”– Thomas Jefferson
“You can do anything, but not everything.”– David Allen
“You can’t use up creativity. The more you use, the more you have.”– Maya Angelou
“I am always doing that which I cannot do, in order that I may learn how to do it.”– Pablo Picasso
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.”– Steve Jobs
“Don’t count the days, make the days count.”– Muhammad Ali
“The worst Monday is the one that gets wasted with nothing to show for it.”– Unknown
“If not us, who? If not now, when?”– John F. Kennedy
“Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in, and day-out.”– Robert Collier
“Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.”– Winston Churchill
“You don’t have to see the whole staircase, just take the first step.”– Martin Luther King, Jr.